things have drastically changed Brian we
don't play any music anymore no music no
now any w the rock of New York we don't
play me a ticket oh no are you allowed
to uh you know just breaking the song
yourselves yeah yeah we we yeah it's not
like we've done that we had a clip I'll
be singing yesterday and what's not
attractive I you the truth and then
people calling that is not normally
don't do that so don't do that this is
not what I'm new this is different from
what my normal daily experiences like
everything else in my life that's right
from your half ago it's from the pad we
have played that clip has to be a
hundred times oh it has to be a hundred
times man oh no music you get I'll just
sit here and talk about the day just Yap
and trade stocks and very much yeah yeah
we don't we don't even talk about the
day usually know every once in a while
you realize the mic is on yet again and
say something sometimes an inadvertent
curse goes out over that's why they put
us since you you were here we weren't
even on a delay when you were here we
are now on I swear to God I drive home I
listen to the show that's how much of a
delay they'll put us on now 40 seconds
so like if I said pink see what what did
you sing see we're on it very long the
light not only us but there's a guy in a
room down the hall swear to God who has
two more buttons I actually walked by
that room it's like a big giant round
button it's about three feet and he just
sits there and hips it is it every time
you hear something bad coming through
it's a circa so that's US postal that's
what we've been up to the past couple of
years when were you been doing touring
around I I want a man I want a curse ya
see it was fun why that was fun i watch
you do that and I could from me I could
you know just in like thank you can I
see you
her no I don't will give you a curse
yeah go ahead Opie get ready on the
button no but make it good yeah if
you're gonna curse make it good cuz the
three people on hold will hear